Long time no see mom
How are you?
Who's your mom?
You stinky beggar, why don't you get out quickly?
Ma Huixin
It's been so long.
What are you doing?
Why did you hit my dad?
Lin Jianguo, you are really shameless
Get out of here
A man is skinless and shameless
I warn you today is my highlight night
My son is the number one weightlifter in the province
I'm going to participate in Olympic training soon
Will become a quasi-world champion
Today's oath ceremony is for him
And I
Will become the upstart of the entire Hezhong Province
Such an important occasion
What kind of mess are you two poor beggars here to make?
I say crippled
You're not watching my sister go to the top of her life
I'm sad to come here on purpose to stir it up, right?
I'll tell you what.
If you want to make trouble, go through me first
We're not here because of you
We are on
Upscale place like this
If you hadn't used my sister's relationship
What the hell are you poor yourself?
How could it be possible to get in?
I told you.
We're here to have nothing to do with you
We were invited.
Yes, Wenwen is capable now
He just broke the world record.